Migabac Issues Current Passage: Esther 1:1 - Esther 1:22 Concept (Noun): Xerxes-A  'the king in the book of Esther, some English translations use the name Ahasuerus'Verse: Esther 1:1 Title: King Xerxes becomes angry with Queen Vashti. A man named Xerxes was the king of many countries. King Xerxes ruled the people who were living in 127 countries. He ruled all of the countries that were between India and Cush. Concept (Adjective): angry-B  'to be angry at someone (Mary is angry with John.)'Verse: Esther 1:1 Title: King Xerxes becomes angry with Queen Vashti. A man named Xerxes was the king of many countries. King Xerxes ruled the people who were living in 127 countries. He ruled all of the countries that were between India and Cush. Concept (Noun): Vashti-A  'Queen Vashti, in Esther'Verse: Esther 1:1 Title: King Xerxes becomes angry with Queen Vashti. A man named Xerxes was the king of many countries. King Xerxes ruled the people who were living in 127 countries. He ruled all of the countries that were between India and Cush. Concept (Noun): queen-A  'a queen'Verse: Esther 1:1 Title: King Xerxes becomes angry with Queen Vashti. A man named Xerxes was the king of many countries. King Xerxes ruled the people who were living in 127 countries. He ruled all of the countries that were between India and Cush. Concept (Verb): describe-A  'to describe something to someone'Verse: Esther 1:1 Title: King Xerxes becomes angry with Queen Vashti. A man named Xerxes was the king of many countries. King Xerxes ruled the people who were living in 127 countries. He ruled all of the countries that were between India and Cush. Concept (Noun): event-A  'a time when something interesting or significant happens'Verse: Esther 1:1 Title: King Xerxes becomes angry with Queen Vashti. A man named Xerxes was the king of many countries. King Xerxes ruled the people who were living in 127 countries. He ruled all of the countries that were between India and Cush. Concept (Adjective): 127-A  'the number'Verse: Esther 1:1 Title: King Xerxes becomes angry with Queen Vashti. A man named Xerxes was the king of many countries. King Xerxes ruled the people who were living in 127 countries. He ruled all of the countries that were between India and Cush. Concept (Noun): province-A  'a political entity, like a state'Verse: Esther 1:1 Title: King Xerxes becomes angry with Queen Vashti. A man named Xerxes was the king of many countries. King Xerxes ruled the people who were living in 127 countries. He ruled all of the countries that were between India and Cush. Concept (Noun): India-A  'the country, India'Verse: Esther 1:1 Title: King Xerxes becomes angry with Queen Vashti. A man named Xerxes was the king of many countries. King Xerxes ruled the people who were living in 127 countries. He ruled all of the countries that were between India and Cush. Concept (Noun): Cush-A  'a country mentioned in Daniel 11:43'Verse: Esther 1:1 Title: King Xerxes becomes angry with Queen Vashti. A man named Xerxes was the king of many countries. King Xerxes ruled the people who were living in 127 countries. He ruled all of the countries that were between India and Cush. Concept (Conjunction): at-that-time-A  'at that minute'Verse: Esther 1:2 At that time King Xerxes was living in his palace that was in a city named Susa. Concept (Noun): palace-A  'the place where the king lives'Verse: Esther 1:2 At that time King Xerxes was living in his palace that was in a city named Susa. Concept (Noun): city-A  'a large town'Verse: Esther 1:2 At that time King Xerxes was living in his palace that was in a city named Susa. Concept (Noun): Susa-A  'captital city of King Xerxes, book of Esther'Verse: Esther 1:2 At that time King Xerxes was living in his palace that was in a city named Susa. Concept (Verb): invite-A  'to invite someone to do something (The king invited many people to come to the palace.)'Verse: Esther 1:3 When King Xerxes had been the king for about three years, he invited all of the rulers and all of the officials to come to a feast. He also invited the leaders of Persia, the leaders of Media, all of the princes, and all of the powerful people who were living in his kingdom to come to that feast. Concept (Noun): noble-A  'complex - a member of the highest social class'Verse: Esther 1:3 When King Xerxes had been the king for about three years, he invited all of the rulers and all of the officials to come to a feast. He also invited the leaders of Persia, the leaders of Media, all of the princes, and all of the powerful people who were living in his kingdom to come to that feast. Concept (Noun): official-A  'a governement official'Verse: Esther 1:3 When King Xerxes had been the king for about three years, he invited all of the rulers and all of the officials to come to a feast. He also invited the leaders of Persia, the leaders of Media, all of the princes, and all of the powerful people who were living in his kingdom to come to that feast. Concept (Noun): Persia-A  'the country, Esther 10:2'Verse: Esther 1:3 When King Xerxes had been the king for about three years, he invited all of the rulers and all of the officials to come to a feast. He also invited the leaders of Persia, the leaders of Media, all of the princes, and all of the powerful people who were living in his kingdom to come to that feast. Concept (Noun): Media-A  'Esther 10:2'Verse: Esther 1:3 When King Xerxes had been the king for about three years, he invited all of the rulers and all of the officials to come to a feast. He also invited the leaders of Persia, the leaders of Media, all of the princes, and all of the powerful people who were living in his kingdom to come to that feast. Concept (Noun): prince-A  'complex - a king's son'Verse: Esther 1:3 When King Xerxes had been the king for about three years, he invited all of the rulers and all of the officials to come to a feast. He also invited the leaders of Persia, the leaders of Media, all of the princes, and all of the powerful people who were living in his kingdom to come to that feast. Concept (Adjective): great-A  'to be great, wonderful'Verse: Esther 1:4 For 180 days King Xerxes showed his great wealth to all of the people who were at that feast. He also showed those people that he was very great. Concept (Noun): wealth-A  'a great quantity of money or property'Verse: Esther 1:4 For 180 days King Xerxes showed his great wealth to all of the people who were at that feast. He also showed those people that he was very great. Concept (Noun): kingdom-A  'the region that a king rules'Verse: Esther 1:4 For 180 days King Xerxes showed his great wealth to all of the people who were at that feast. He also showed those people that he was very great. Concept (Adjective): 180-A  'the number'Verse: Esther 1:4 For 180 days King Xerxes showed his great wealth to all of the people who were at that feast. He also showed those people that he was very great. Concept (Verb): show-B  'to show someone that something is true or that something happened'Verse: Esther 1:4 For 180 days King Xerxes showed his great wealth to all of the people who were at that feast. He also showed those people that he was very great. Concept (Verb): end-A  'a temporal event ends (the feast ends on this day)'Verse: Esther 1:5 After that feast ended, King Xerxes invited all of the people who were living in Susa to come to another feast. That feast was in the garden that was at Xerxes' palace. King Xerxes invited the powerful people who were living in Susa to come to that feast. And he also invited the people who weren't important to come to that feast. He celebrated for seven days with those people. Concept (Noun): garden-A  'a place where vegetables and fruits are grown'Verse: Esther 1:5 After that feast ended, King Xerxes invited all of the people who were living in Susa to come to another feast. That feast was in the garden that was at Xerxes' palace. King Xerxes invited the powerful people who were living in Susa to come to that feast. And he also invited the people who weren't important to come to that feast. He celebrated for seven days with those people. Concept (Adjective): important-A  'important attribute'Verse: Esther 1:5 After that feast ended, King Xerxes invited all of the people who were living in Susa to come to another feast. That feast was in the garden that was at Xerxes' palace. King Xerxes invited the powerful people who were living in Susa to come to that feast. And he also invited the people who weren't important to come to that feast. He celebrated for seven days with those people. Concept (Noun): guest-A  '(LDV) a guest at a house or a party'Verse: Esther 1:6 Before the guests came to the garden, the king's servants hung white curtains and blue curtains there. They attached the curtains to marble pillars using silver rings. They also put gold couches and silver couches in the garden. The garden floor was made of marble, shells, and valuable gems. Concept (Verb): hang-C  'to hang something somewhere (He hung the towel on the wire.)'Verse: Esther 1:6 Before the guests came to the garden, the king's servants hung white curtains and blue curtains there. They attached the curtains to marble pillars using silver rings. They also put gold couches and silver couches in the garden. The garden floor was made of marble, shells, and valuable gems. Concept (Adjective): white-A  'the color white'Verse: Esther 1:6 Before the guests came to the garden, the king's servants hung white curtains and blue curtains there. They attached the curtains to marble pillars using silver rings. They also put gold couches and silver couches in the garden. The garden floor was made of marble, shells, and valuable gems. Concept (Noun): curtain-A  'cloths used for decoration on walls or over windows'Verse: Esther 1:6 Before the guests came to the garden, the king's servants hung white curtains and blue curtains there. They attached the curtains to marble pillars using silver rings. They also put gold couches and silver couches in the garden. The garden floor was made of marble, shells, and valuable gems. Concept (Noun): linen-A  'complex - high quality cloth made from flax plants'Verse: Esther 1:6 Before the guests came to the garden, the king's servants hung white curtains and blue curtains there. They attached the curtains to marble pillars using silver rings. They also put gold couches and silver couches in the garden. The garden floor was made of marble, shells, and valuable gems. Concept (Adjective): blue-A  'the color'Verse: Esther 1:6 Before the guests came to the garden, the king's servants hung white curtains and blue curtains there. They attached the curtains to marble pillars using silver rings. They also put gold couches and silver couches in the garden. The garden floor was made of marble, shells, and valuable gems. Concept (Verb): attach-A  'someone connects something to something else'Verse: Esther 1:6 Before the guests came to the garden, the king's servants hung white curtains and blue curtains there. They attached the curtains to marble pillars using silver rings. They also put gold couches and silver couches in the garden. The garden floor was made of marble, shells, and valuable gems. Concept (Noun): pillar-A  'a pillar'Verse: Esther 1:6 Before the guests came to the garden, the king's servants hung white curtains and blue curtains there. They attached the curtains to marble pillars using silver rings. They also put gold couches and silver couches in the garden. The garden floor was made of marble, shells, and valuable gems. Concept (Noun): marble-A  'complex - a type of expensive stone often used in building'Verse: Esther 1:6 Before the guests came to the garden, the king's servants hung white curtains and blue curtains there. They attached the curtains to marble pillars using silver rings. They also put gold couches and silver couches in the garden. The garden floor was made of marble, shells, and valuable gems. Concept (Noun): ring-A  'a metal ring used to fasten one thing to another thing - not a ring that is worn on a finger'Verse: Esther 1:6 Before the guests came to the garden, the king's servants hung white curtains and blue curtains there. They attached the curtains to marble pillars using silver rings. They also put gold couches and silver couches in the garden. The garden floor was made of marble, shells, and valuable gems. Concept (Noun): silver-A  'the substance silver'Verse: Esther 1:6 Before the guests came to the garden, the king's servants hung white curtains and blue curtains there. They attached the curtains to marble pillars using silver rings. They also put gold couches and silver couches in the garden. The garden floor was made of marble, shells, and valuable gems. Concept (Noun): rope-A  'thick string, used to tie things'Verse: Esther 1:6 Before the guests came to the garden, the king's servants hung white curtains and blue curtains there. They attached the curtains to marble pillars using silver rings. They also put gold couches and silver couches in the garden. The garden floor was made of marble, shells, and valuable gems. Concept (Noun): cloth-B  'a fairly large piece of cloth such as the ones mothers use to wrap their babies'Verse: Esther 1:6 Before the guests came to the garden, the king's servants hung white curtains and blue curtains there. They attached the curtains to marble pillars using silver rings. They also put gold couches and silver couches in the garden. The garden floor was made of marble, shells, and valuable gems. Concept (Adjective): purple-A  'the color'Verse: Esther 1:6 Before the guests came to the garden, the king's servants hung white curtains and blue curtains there. They attached the curtains to marble pillars using silver rings. They also put gold couches and silver couches in the garden. The garden floor was made of marble, shells, and valuable gems. Concept (Noun): couch-A  'a long seat for sitting or reclining'Verse: Esther 1:6 Before the guests came to the garden, the king's servants hung white curtains and blue curtains there. They attached the curtains to marble pillars using silver rings. They also put gold couches and silver couches in the garden. The garden floor was made of marble, shells, and valuable gems. Concept (Noun): gold-A  'the substance gold'Verse: Esther 1:6 Before the guests came to the garden, the king's servants hung white curtains and blue curtains there. They attached the curtains to marble pillars using silver rings. They also put gold couches and silver couches in the garden. The garden floor was made of marble, shells, and valuable gems. Concept (Noun): floor-A  'a floor that we walk on (John sat on the floor.)'Verse: Esther 1:6 Before the guests came to the garden, the king's servants hung white curtains and blue curtains there. They attached the curtains to marble pillars using silver rings. They also put gold couches and silver couches in the garden. The garden floor was made of marble, shells, and valuable gems. Concept (Verb): be-Q  'substance (The house is made of wood.)'Verse: Esther 1:6 Before the guests came to the garden, the king's servants hung white curtains and blue curtains there. They attached the curtains to marble pillars using silver rings. They also put gold couches and silver couches in the garden. The garden floor was made of marble, shells, and valuable gems. Concept (Adjective): beautiful-A  'pleasant to look at'Verse: Esther 1:6 Before the guests came to the garden, the king's servants hung white curtains and blue curtains there. They attached the curtains to marble pillars using silver rings. They also put gold couches and silver couches in the garden. The garden floor was made of marble, shells, and valuable gems. Concept (Noun): shell-A  'the covering of a small sea creature'Verse: Esther 1:6 Before the guests came to the garden, the king's servants hung white curtains and blue curtains there. They attached the curtains to marble pillars using silver rings. They also put gold couches and silver couches in the garden. The garden floor was made of marble, shells, and valuable gems. Concept (Adjective): valuable-A  'to be worth much'Verse: Esther 1:6 Before the guests came to the garden, the king's servants hung white curtains and blue curtains there. They attached the curtains to marble pillars using silver rings. They also put gold couches and silver couches in the garden. The garden floor was made of marble, shells, and valuable gems. Concept (Noun): gem-A  'a valuable and beautiful stone'Verse: Esther 1:6 Before the guests came to the garden, the king's servants hung white curtains and blue curtains there. They attached the curtains to marble pillars using silver rings. They also put gold couches and silver couches in the garden. The garden floor was made of marble, shells, and valuable gems. Concept (Verb): recline-A  'complex - to recline at a table while eating'Verse: Esther 1:6 Before the guests came to the garden, the king's servants hung white curtains and blue curtains there. They attached the curtains to marble pillars using silver rings. They also put gold couches and silver couches in the garden. The garden floor was made of marble, shells, and valuable gems. Concept (Noun): goblet-A  'complex - an expensive cup used by kings and nobles'Verse: Esther 1:7 The guests drank wine from gold cups. There were many kinds of cups. King Xerxes gave a lot of wine to the people because he was very generous. Concept (Adjective): generous-A  'willing to give to other people'Verse: Esther 1:7 The guests drank wine from gold cups. There were many kinds of cups. King Xerxes gave a lot of wine to the people because he was very generous. Concept (Verb): command-A  'to command someone to do something'Verse: Esther 1:8 King Xerxes commanded the servants to give a lot of wine to all of the people. So all of the people drank a lot of wine. Concept (Verb): want-C  'to want something to possess it (Mary wants a house.)'Verse: Esther 1:8 King Xerxes commanded the servants to give a lot of wine to all of the people. So all of the people drank a lot of wine. Concept (Verb): ask-B  'to request something from someone (John asked Mary for some bread.)'Verse: Esther 1:8 King Xerxes commanded the servants to give a lot of wine to all of the people. So all of the people drank a lot of wine. Concept (Verb): have-G  'to have an event (John had a party.)'Verse: Esther 1:9 Queen Vashti also had a feast. She invited all of the women who were living in the king's palace to come to that feast. Concept (Adjective): seventh-A  '7th in a series'Verse: Esther 1:10 After seven days King Xerxes was very happy because he drank a lot of wine. Seven eunuchs served King Xerxes. So King Xerxes called those seven eunuchs. Those eunuchs' names were Mehuman, Biztha, Harbona, Bigtha, Abagtha, Zethar, and Carcas. Concept (Noun): eunuch-A  'a man whose testicles have been removed, often he takes care of the king's wives'Verse: Esther 1:10 After seven days King Xerxes was very happy because he drank a lot of wine. Seven eunuchs served King Xerxes. So King Xerxes called those seven eunuchs. Those eunuchs' names were Mehuman, Biztha, Harbona, Bigtha, Abagtha, Zethar, and Carcas. Concept (Verb): serve-A  'to work for  someone'Verse: Esther 1:10 After seven days King Xerxes was very happy because he drank a lot of wine. Seven eunuchs served King Xerxes. So King Xerxes called those seven eunuchs. Those eunuchs' names were Mehuman, Biztha, Harbona, Bigtha, Abagtha, Zethar, and Carcas. Concept (Noun): Mehuman-A  'in Esther'Verse: Esther 1:10 After seven days King Xerxes was very happy because he drank a lot of wine. Seven eunuchs served King Xerxes. So King Xerxes called those seven eunuchs. Those eunuchs' names were Mehuman, Biztha, Harbona, Bigtha, Abagtha, Zethar, and Carcas. Concept (Noun): Biztha-A  'in Esther'Verse: Esther 1:10 After seven days King Xerxes was very happy because he drank a lot of wine. Seven eunuchs served King Xerxes. So King Xerxes called those seven eunuchs. Those eunuchs' names were Mehuman, Biztha, Harbona, Bigtha, Abagtha, Zethar, and Carcas. Concept (Noun): Harbona-A  'in Esther'Verse: Esther 1:10 After seven days King Xerxes was very happy because he drank a lot of wine. Seven eunuchs served King Xerxes. So King Xerxes called those seven eunuchs. Those eunuchs' names were Mehuman, Biztha, Harbona, Bigtha, Abagtha, Zethar, and Carcas. Concept (Noun): Bigtha-A  'in Esther'Verse: Esther 1:10 After seven days King Xerxes was very happy because he drank a lot of wine. Seven eunuchs served King Xerxes. So King Xerxes called those seven eunuchs. Those eunuchs' names were Mehuman, Biztha, Harbona, Bigtha, Abagtha, Zethar, and Carcas. Concept (Noun): Abagtha-A  'in Esther'Verse: Esther 1:10 After seven days King Xerxes was very happy because he drank a lot of wine. Seven eunuchs served King Xerxes. So King Xerxes called those seven eunuchs. Those eunuchs' names were Mehuman, Biztha, Harbona, Bigtha, Abagtha, Zethar, and Carcas. Concept (Noun): Zethar-A  'in Esther'Verse: Esther 1:10 After seven days King Xerxes was very happy because he drank a lot of wine. Seven eunuchs served King Xerxes. So King Xerxes called those seven eunuchs. Those eunuchs' names were Mehuman, Biztha, Harbona, Bigtha, Abagtha, Zethar, and Carcas. Concept (Noun): Carcas-A  'in Esther'Verse: Esther 1:10 After seven days King Xerxes was very happy because he drank a lot of wine. Seven eunuchs served King Xerxes. So King Xerxes called those seven eunuchs. Those eunuchs' names were Mehuman, Biztha, Harbona, Bigtha, Abagtha, Zethar, and Carcas. Concept (Verb): bring-B  'to have someone accompany someone else to someplace'Verse: Esther 1:11 Then King Xerxes ordered those seven eunuchs to bring Queen Vashti to him. He wanted Queen Vashti to wear Vashti's crown. And he wanted to show the queen to all of the princes and the other guests because she was very beautiful. Concept (Noun): crown-A  'complex - a king or queen's crown'Verse: Esther 1:11 Then King Xerxes ordered those seven eunuchs to bring Queen Vashti to him. He wanted Queen Vashti to wear Vashti's crown. And he wanted to show the queen to all of the princes and the other guests because she was very beautiful. Concept (Conjunction): for-A  'indicates a reason clause, kind of like 'because', but can be used in a separate sentence'Verse: Esther 1:11 Then King Xerxes ordered those seven eunuchs to bring Queen Vashti to him. He wanted Queen Vashti to wear Vashti's crown. And he wanted to show the queen to all of the princes and the other guests because she was very beautiful. Concept (Noun): command-A  'a person in authority says a command to someone'Verse: Esther 1:12 So those seven eunuchs went to Queen Vashti and told her that the king wanted the guests to see Queen Vashti. But Queen Vashti didn't obey the king. Then King Xerxes became very angry. Concept (Verb): know-C  'to know a bit of knowledge such as a person's name, the meaning of a word, etc. (Mary knew a secret.)'Verse: Esther 1:13 Before the king punished a person, he always talked about the problem to men who knew the law well. So he talked to some wise men about Queen Vashti. Concept (Noun): law-A  'a law'Verse: Esther 1:13 Before the king punished a person, he always talked about the problem to men who knew the law well. So he talked to some wise men about Queen Vashti. Concept (Adverb): always-A  'the state will always be true'Verse: Esther 1:13 Before the king punished a person, he always talked about the problem to men who knew the law well. So he talked to some wise men about Queen Vashti. Concept (Adjective): wise-A  'wise attribute'Verse: Esther 1:13 Before the king punished a person, he always talked about the problem to men who knew the law well. So he talked to some wise men about Queen Vashti. Concept (Verb): understand-A  'to understand something (John understood the problem.)'Verse: Esther 1:13 Before the king punished a person, he always talked about the problem to men who knew the law well. So he talked to some wise men about Queen Vashti. Concept (Adverb): often-A  'to do something often'Verse: Esther 1:14 The names of the wise men that the king trusted were Carshena, Shethar, Admatha, Tarshish, Meres, Marsena, and Memukan. Those seven wise men were from Persia and Media. They were the most important officials in Xerxes' kingdom. The king talked to those seven men often. Concept (Noun): Karshena-A  'a man's name'Verse: Esther 1:14 The names of the wise men that the king trusted were Carshena, Shethar, Admatha, Tarshish, Meres, Marsena, and Memukan. Those seven wise men were from Persia and Media. They were the most important officials in Xerxes' kingdom. The king talked to those seven men often. Concept (Noun): Shethar-A  'in Esther'Verse: Esther 1:14 The names of the wise men that the king trusted were Carshena, Shethar, Admatha, Tarshish, Meres, Marsena, and Memukan. Those seven wise men were from Persia and Media. They were the most important officials in Xerxes' kingdom. The king talked to those seven men often. Concept (Noun): Admatha-A  'in Esther'Verse: Esther 1:14 The names of the wise men that the king trusted were Carshena, Shethar, Admatha, Tarshish, Meres, Marsena, and Memukan. Those seven wise men were from Persia and Media. They were the most important officials in Xerxes' kingdom. The king talked to those seven men often. Concept (Noun): Tarshish-A  'man in Esther'Verse: Esther 1:14 The names of the wise men that the king trusted were Carshena, Shethar, Admatha, Tarshish, Meres, Marsena, and Memukan. Those seven wise men were from Persia and Media. They were the most important officials in Xerxes' kingdom. The king talked to those seven men often. Concept (Noun): Meres-A  'in Esther'Verse: Esther 1:14 The names of the wise men that the king trusted were Carshena, Shethar, Admatha, Tarshish, Meres, Marsena, and Memukan. Those seven wise men were from Persia and Media. They were the most important officials in Xerxes' kingdom. The king talked to those seven men often. Concept (Noun): Marsena-A  'in Esther'Verse: Esther 1:14 The names of the wise men that the king trusted were Carshena, Shethar, Admatha, Tarshish, Meres, Marsena, and Memukan. Those seven wise men were from Persia and Media. They were the most important officials in Xerxes' kingdom. The king talked to those seven men often. Concept (Noun): Memukan-A  'in Esther'Verse: Esther 1:14 The names of the wise men that the king trusted were Carshena, Shethar, Admatha, Tarshish, Meres, Marsena, and Memukan. Those seven wise men were from Persia and Media. They were the most important officials in Xerxes' kingdom. The king talked to those seven men often. Concept (Verb): say-D  'a book, law or command says something (indirect quote) (The law says that ...)'Verse: Esther 1:15 King Xerxes asked those men, "How should I punish the queen? What does the law say? I want to punish the queen because she didn't obey me." Concept (Verb): obey-A  'to do whatever a law or commandment requires (John obeyed the law.)'Verse: Esther 1:15 King Xerxes asked those men, "How should I punish the queen? What does the law say? I want to punish the queen because she didn't obey me." Concept (Verb): act-A  'to do a generic action'Verse: Esther 1:16 Memukan said to the king and the other wise men, "Queen Vashti acted badly. Queen Vashti treated you, all of the rulers, and all of the people who are living in the kingdom badly. Concept (Verb): order-A  'to order someone to do something'Verse: Esther 1:17 All of the women who are living in this kingdom will hear about the things that Queen Vashti did. The women will hear that you ordered Queen Vashti to come to you. And the women will hear that Queen Vashti didn't come to you. Then the women won't obey their husbands. Concept (Verb): write-F  'to write a law or command'Verse: Esther 1:19 Therefore, you should write a new law. This new law will be for all of the people who are living in Media and Persia. You shouldn't allow people to change this new law. This new law will say that Queen Vashti must not come to you again. And you should choose another woman. That woman will become the queen. That woman will become a better queen than Queen Vashti. Concept (Noun): decree-A  'complex - an official order, paired with 'rule''Verse: Esther 1:19 Therefore, you should write a new law. This new law will be for all of the people who are living in Media and Persia. You shouldn't allow people to change this new law. This new law will say that Queen Vashti must not come to you again. And you should choose another woman. That woman will become the queen. That woman will become a better queen than Queen Vashti. Concept (Adjective): able-B  'someone can do something (John can (is able to) meet Mary for lunch.)'Verse: Esther 1:19 Therefore, you should write a new law. This new law will be for all of the people who are living in Media and Persia. You shouldn't allow people to change this new law. This new law will say that Queen Vashti must not come to you again. And you should choose another woman. That woman will become the queen. That woman will become a better queen than Queen Vashti. Concept (Verb): change-D  'to change something so that it's different (e.g. They want to change the laws.)'Verse: Esther 1:19 Therefore, you should write a new law. This new law will be for all of the people who are living in Media and Persia. You shouldn't allow people to change this new law. This new law will say that Queen Vashti must not come to you again. And you should choose another woman. That woman will become the queen. That woman will become a better queen than Queen Vashti. Concept (Noun): messenger-A  'a person who carries and delivers written messages'Verse: Esther 1:20 We'll tell all of the people who live in your kingdom about this new law. Then all of the women who live in your kingdom will obey their husbands. The important women will obey their husbands. And all of the other women also will obey their husbands." Concept (Verb): proclaim-C  'complex - to proclaim something (John proclaimed the gospel.)'Verse: Esther 1:20 We'll tell all of the people who live in your kingdom about this new law. Then all of the women who live in your kingdom will obey their husbands. The important women will obey their husbands. And all of the other women also will obey their husbands." Concept (Verb): send-B  'to send a letter, message, or package to someone'Verse: Esther 1:22 King Xerxes sent letters to all of the people who were living in his kingdom. The king's secretaries wrote those letters in many languages. The king's new law said that each man has to rule his family. Concept (Noun): letter-A  'a written message that is sent to someone'Verse: Esther 1:22 King Xerxes sent letters to all of the people who were living in his kingdom. The king's secretaries wrote those letters in many languages. The king's new law said that each man has to rule his family. Concept (Noun): secretary-A  'a person who records meetings or writes letters for someone'Verse: Esther 1:22 King Xerxes sent letters to all of the people who were living in his kingdom. The king's secretaries wrote those letters in many languages. The king's new law said that each man has to rule his family. Concept (Verb): proclaim-A  'complex - to proclaim to someone something, assert that it is true (The king proclaimed that ...)'Verse: Esther 1:22 King Xerxes sent letters to all of the people who were living in his kingdom. The king's secretaries wrote those letters in many languages. The king's new law said that each man has to rule his family. Concept (Verb): learn-A  'to learn something generic (John learned some things at school.)'Verse: Esther 1:22 King Xerxes sent letters to all of the people who were living in his kingdom. The king's secretaries wrote those letters in many languages. The king's new law said that each man has to rule his family. Concept (Verb): speak-B  'to speak a language'Verse: Esther 1:22 King Xerxes sent letters to all of the people who were living in his kingdom. The king's secretaries wrote those letters in many languages. The king's new law said that each man has to rule his family. 